while they are now officially the number
one team in the NA LCS joined right all
tech from echo fox with coverage
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about how things are going on the
team
first off okay a lot of people have been
saying aggro Fox sir they win games are
kind of lucky in these situations but
definitively you guys are number one in
the standing so do do you think in your
opinion does this officially make you
guys the number one team in the LCS do
you think you're better than all the
other teams yeah I do think that we're
number one you know like even I mean
even though like we were both in one
with c9 like we did beat c9 so like
technically we were number one but now
that we beat them you know - oh and
we're not in one we're definitely number
one yeah and how nervous for you for
this match or were you at all because
again like there was a lot on the line
um well honestly like the day before us
a lot I was like you know like maybe
what if we lose tomorrow cuz its agents
birthday too so you know but you know
when the game kind of started like first
five minutes like we we're doing really
well in Bali so I was really confident
we're gonna win from there I did an
interview with Adrienne's parents just
now do you have a chance to hang out
with them at all
oh yeah they came by the house and I
talked to Adrienne's dad in Chinese it
was pretty cool they both seemed very
very happy and proud it's nice it's his
21st birthday so was it nice to get this
win for him were you guys like okay we
need to get the win for Adrienne yeah
very nice what are you guys planning on
doing - do you have some plans to
celebrate this at all like go out and go
celebrate the win and also his birthday
um well we haven't really talked about
it um probably work you know we might
have a little dinner might have
something I was like maybe on the Monday
or Tuesday but yeah probably just gonna
like relax for now and then go out later
yeah okay on the other side of the map
from you who knees hanging out up there
I am very curious do you think because
some people have started to say this who
needs the best player in the na LCS
right now I mean yeah I think so
you know me even though like you know he
doesn't play well
like I mean he plays well most of the
time but I like inconsistently and maybe
like people view it as inconsistency but
even then like he does like a lot of it
for me is like he he can stand out and
be a leader for the team as well like
he's very vocal coming throughout other
top laner I just you know they're very
good and maybe they don't have that
vocal aspect of them does he does he
take a leadership role on the team in
game yeah he makes a lot of cause yeah
do you think Jo are you ever just like
man look at what SKT did to this guy
like who the stuff he's saying in game
is revolutionary you feel like he's
brought a lot of knowledge from his time
on SKT to the team yeah I think I think
you know who need just he's a really
good player and you know like a lot of
his opinions like you know in review
like we'd take that in consideration a
lot of times and a lot of it is for most
apart like it's correct so you have been
on so many teams we were actually as
funny we were trying to remember when
you were on cloud nine because it was
like mini revenge story here you know
beating your former team but I don't
know if you've ever like this is this is
really good for you like the place that
you guys are at right now I think a lot
of people might be picking you as a
favorite to win playoffs do you feel
like this is the best that's ever been
for you hey yeah for sure you know we're
not in one and I feel like we're you
know we did you know we beat c9 twice or
like the second strongest team right now
so you know I'm pretty confident I think
this is you know gonna be a really good
for us so many people talk about how na
LCS the split is often very different
from what happens in playoffs you guys
might be riding high right now but
playoffs is coming it's a bit of a
different world in like best of threes
and all that what do you think your
chances are of you know whatever
playoffs rolls around honestly you know
we obviously like winning plows is gonna
be our goal but you know making playoffs
is our first goal so until we secure
that you know then we'll start
practicing and like thinking about
playoffs but for now you know I've I
think I and the team has only been
really focusing on you know winning each
game out of time we're good anything you
would say to any of the fans out there
oh yeah just thank you for supporting me
you know I've been on a lot of different
teams and you know like Fox has probably
been the best for me you know we're
first and hopefully we can keep going on
on the 17:1 journey thank you so much
for the interview I'll take
congratulations on the win today it's
very exciting have fun baby not too much
fun with the team tonight to celebrate
and Adrian's birthday and of course the
win for everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
hope you enjoyed that interview I
certainly did and if you haven't yet
please subscribe because well and
partnership with Omni slash we got a
bunch more interviews coming up from LCS
make sure you don't miss them